so welcome to the krimis
video for my new project yes i have
liked it
I have to say why to make Beijing
Neither, I mean, that's somehow
the most exciting way to do such a thing
can imagine a new project without that
then you yourself then one
bit rum was lammert I do not know
i like that yes i say to that before
yes I said friends need what you or
I grab the most even and then
I say something because I want that
the best exciting thing is I am
not yet with a sonata through
complete and I will this video then
probably only upload if
I really completely through ben and
by means of which I am not yet
but I have the game now
already ordered because I stop here
wanted to have when I'm done then
that I really start right away
can
and so far I have that here and now
in such a way that always
I've made apologies times
for that my voice is a bit strange
Sounds like you know I have to go now
Germany handed and make them even
okay that is difficult i out of mine
cameraman to keep himself
you are watching a lot from now on
it was so now I have to just like that
everything is in it
this is so guilty here
get it out of the way and now
much advertising god the camera he flies
everything will be illegal and only once the
kingdom hearts hd-remakes 1.5 the
kingdom hearts 1 already played what
here is kingdom hearts
chain of memories and that will be mine
new project people yes i am happy
already totally out which ended in resin-me
but somehow done but I have
I read a lot that I was often
asked if I have him in the resin 21 player and
I experienced that and I thought
give and then came but the announcement
for this game and I have so many times
read that one the story of kingdom
hearts 2 practically does not stand for
one does not shattered memories before
has played and I do not have that
played so far I have only really
that was ultimately done by pediatrician 1
and that's why I thought it would be
probably the better choice if I am
first chain of memories player and
not kingdom hearts 2 with me now
I do not want to promise that I was then
two sometime let's play but me
definitely wants ten of
memories play next project
after it all its aunt destiny and how
I do this with katamari forever must
I'll just stop and look like that
i do not want all partners
Upload in a row because I believe
that would be a bit on the way
boring yes in any case we do
The best way to play or we want
First we look 100 euro coupon
good luck and years make you
there with somewhere and then you can get one
toothbrush have ok we leave that
we'll do it right now
here something interesting on it
cards based battle system, the only
I did not know at all oh yes and
that is also on it kingdom
hearts 358 days through 2 but thats
stop just as a film sequence I still remember
not if I'll show it
because I am still quite sure
look at does not want for here
actually playing before the game
or at least once
try it out before i find myself
I sort of summarize that
look at history
today you can not make beautiful
I've come specially that I here this
Great story can be pretty fast
make up
I can win it is not nice
only make 58
many countries play well
I love the smell of nine , yes
that too is just so seriously serious
there is a guide in there because
that must be in march sank the last time
that's really it's really such a
There is hardly any disease left recently
play a proper guide and that
I think it's a pity because I am
always left me instructions
through before I got the values rcd one thing
that is a product
registration code and right here that
the instruction is now we are looking
if she is anything in it
synonymous okay control of miks
steurer harris of the children in hartz iv
a mix actually on this game
this cd but the problem is
I do not play a game again
completely new by just a few extra
thing to do
that's why I'll probably do it
first do not play and this final
then I'm interested in mix elements
personally not so much i am rather
so I'm so interested in the story
and everything else me
I'm interested in looking
that is all control for the
different players come now
Warranty drawing hotline
ok so it is not a real guide
the only thing on it is the
control but the game is sweet looking
times rico sorat's and career
that's exactly and the others
I do not even know any characters yet
curious who this is about Michael
micky and jersey can but you
nich and 3 where I already somewhere
views I sometimes times
on the internet is traveling then you come
yes practically not around it
all times to see
so baby seat rhymed okay sorry i want
not so much and long over it la
bonne because I can do that too
I will not say I 'll just do it
to begin
and I do not know how long
the game is and I hope I get it
also no problems with copy with clear
mid mid mid copyright copyright I but
Do not guess kingdom is hearts
By now I had chieming
also has a lot of problems
except at the last part of the was
because the audio track is blocked because of
because of this ending song so with these
I have to take care a little bit
but otherwise I do not know how
long the game is i want you
Just guess that it is one
a bit shorter than kingdom hearts 1
but how long it really is
no idea
Let's see I'm I'll leave me
to surprise
I do not think so I think so
sometimes play a shorter game
and so can though I do now
not from every game what actually
other short I make a long
I just had to play around for a long time
to play because I enjoy the game
would like and not just by
play so well then I'm done now
with the announcement video
I probably already have that
recorded before you finally get that
But see, I have said this as that
I've already got it now and
I did not want two more here now
weeks long or three weeks long the
pack the packaged game here
that's why it wanted to lie around
take apart want the
also on make i love the smell of
new games and in general of
new things books as well as great
Books are so great when you go to
first time hits
ok i want to finish well then i hope
that you are happy about this project
I just hope there is such a thing
many people are always following me
kingdom have asked hearts and me
I really wanted it myself
that you have to play it and I thought
that would be a nice base too
children once set up and then
that will definitely be idyllic
such a kind of destiny
in that sense, I wish you one more
nice day adiós